VLT 6 - New color schemas, CSS properties powered, new widgets (#420)
kitconcept/volto-light-theme: README.md

## Installation

> It is recommended that along `@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` package, you also install in your setup the aforementioned add-ons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that you install the aforementioned add-ons along with the  `@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` package.
```

The theme package has them declared as `peerDependencies`.

### Project-based setups (`yarn`)

> If your project relies in a boilerplate generated by `@plone/generator-volto`, then it's project-based.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project relies on a boilerplate generated by `@plone/generator-volto`, then it's project-based.
```

> In this case, it uses `yarn` as package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, it uses `yarn` as a package manager.
```

> Because how `yarn` works, it won't install these dependencies for you, as they are declared as `peerDependencies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of how `yarn` works, it won't install these dependencies for you, as they are declared as `peerDependencies`.
```

Make sure your policy add-on is the last one, as you would want that its configuration has priority over all the others. Make sure also that `@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` is the one before your policy add-on.

> If you don't want to install one or several of them, you can not to declare them in the `addons` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to install one or several of them, you can leave them out of the `addons` property.
```

Declare the theme in your project `package.json`:

```json
  "theme": "@kitconcept/volto-light-theme",
```

### Cookieplone-based setups (new `pnpm` based setups)

> If you are using one of the new setups project-less, based in Cookieplone, then it uses `pnpm`, and it will install the `peerDependencies` by default (recommended setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using one of the new project-less setups based on Cookieplone, then it uses `pnpm`, and it will install the `peerDependencies` by default (recommended setup).
```

> In this case, you won't have to install them, `pnpm` will do it for you, using the recommended versions used in `peerDependencies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you won't have to install them; `pnpm` will do it for you, using the recommended versions used in `peerDependencies`.
```

> In a project-less based setup, using Cookieplone, declare both the addons and the theme in your setup's `volto.config.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a project-less based setup, using Cookieplone, declare both the addons and the theme in `volto.config.js`:
```

};
```

> As alternative, you can specify your project add-ons in your policy add-on for better portability, but at least your policy add-on should be in `volto.config.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative, you can specify your project add-ons in your policy add-on for better portability, but at least your policy add-on should be in `volto.config.js`.
```
